#   [Spring boot annotations] []
#   [@Controller] annotated class is responsible to handle HTTP requests
#   [@RestController] @Controller + @ResposeBody over each method
#   [@ResponseBody] serializes controller method return value to HTTP response body
#   if we only use [@Controller] and don't provide [@ResponseBody] Spring will try to resolve return type to a view.

#   dispatcher servlet only deals with controllers
#   [@Mapping] and [@Reflective] does the task of mapping api to method
#   [@RequestParam] starts with ? in url and helps bind req parameter to method parameter
#   [SBoot framework] [] automatically casts String type from url to required data type, for custom object type conversion 
#   we need registered propertyEditor.

#   [@InitBinder] gets invoked for each method if it requires preprocessing of data
#   SBoot uses [GSON/Jackson] libraries to bind req body to method param object.
#   [@ResponseEntity] entire http response including header, status, response body


#   [bean] java object, managed by spring container(IoC container)
#   [@Component/@Bean] creates a bean, sBoot internally call new obj() to create a new object and manages it.
#   [@Component] uses convention over configuration approach, i.e. sBoot tries to auto configure based on conventions reducing
#   need for explicit configuration. [@Controller,@Service] internally tell Spring to create a bean and manage it.
#   if we add our own constructor, java doesn't add default constructor.
#   for [parameterized constructors] [] [@component] fails to create a bean as no default constructor is present
#   [@Bean] is helpful in such cases to create a bean.

#   with [@Bean] we provide external configuration to create  a bean.
#   [@Configuration] and a class is used to create a bean using a method
#   if we use both [@Component] and [@Bean] and explicitly provide default constructor, in such cases [@Bean] will be given
#   preference

#   if we try to create multiple beans for same object, it can be done using different methods in config class.
#   [Ques] How spring boot finds beans in codebase?
#   Approach 1 : with [@ComponentScan] sBoot scans packages and sub-packages for class annotated with @Component, @Service, @Controller,
#   @Repository
#   Approach 2 : Through explicit defining bean via @Bean in @Configuration class.

#   [Ques] At what time beans get created?
#   [eagerly] beans get created at starting up app, beans with singleton scope are eagerly initialized.
#   [lazy] beans get created as and when needed, beans with @Lazy or prototype scope are lazy initialized.
#   [imp] singleton scoped beans if annotated with @Lazy get lazily initialized.

#   [bean lifecycle] []
#   App start -> IoC container started (config loaded) --> construct bean -> inject dependency into constructed bean --> 
#   --> @PostConstruct -> use the bean --> @PreDestroy -> Bean destroyed.

#   [app start] [] -> initialize web context
#   [IoC container start] [] -> component scan, uses configuration
#   [construct bean] [] -> creates bean

#   [load dependency] [] -> inject dependency into constructed bean, [@Autowired] first look for bean of required type, 
#   if bean found, spring injects it. ways of injection : [constructor injection] [], [setter injection] []
#   [field injection] []

#   if bean not found, spring creates a fresh one and injects it
#   if there are more than 1 bean of same type, we can specifically choose one using [beanName] and [qualifier]
#   [issues with direct object creation] []
#   [tightly coupled] [], [2] break [Dependency inversion] [] of SOLID principle which asks to depend only on abstraction
#   and not on concrete implementation, 

#   Sboot achieves dependency inversion thru dependency injection.
#   [dependency injection] [] make class independent of dependencies, helps to remove dependency on concrete implementation
#   and inject dependencies from external source.

#   [field injection] [] use @Autowired on field itself
#   dependency is set into fields of class directly, Spring uses reflection, it iterates over
#   the fields and resolve dependency.
#   Achieved thru @Autowired directly on field of class
#   [advtg] 
#   [1] very simple and easy to use
#   [disadvtg] 
#   [1] cannot be used with immutable fields, final cannot be used
#   if some field is marked final and initialized with NULL while resolving dependency injection Spring will assign
#   the object as REFLECTION doesn't honour anything breaking any principle be it final or whatever.
#   [2] chances of NULL ptr exception if child class method uses dependent object before its dependency resolution
#   [3] During unit testing, setting MOCK dependency to this field becomes difficult.

#   [setter injection] [] use @Autowired on setter method.
#   dependency is set into fields using setter method.
#   use [@Autowired] on method setting dependency

#   [advtg]
#   [1] dependency can be changed any time after object creation (as object cannot be marked as final)
#   [2] ease of testing, as object can be passed in dependency easily.

#   [disadvtg]
#   [1] fields cannot be marked as final
#   [2] readability issue, object should be initialized during object creation, 

#   [constructor injection] [] use @Autowired on constructor itself
#   dependency get resolved at the time initialization of object itself.
#   its widely used in industries.
#   @Autowired gets applied to all parameters of constructor.

#   [imp] with spring 4.3, if only 1 constructor is there no need to use @Autowired.
#   for multiple constructor dealing with different dependencies, @Autowired usage is mandatory.
#   only 1 constructor can be left without @Autowired, rest need to be given compulsorily

#   [advtg]
#   [1] all mandatory dependencies are created at initialization phase only thus avoids Null ptr exception and unnecessary
#   null checks
#   [2] immutable object can be created.
#   [3] fail fast : if any missing dependency, code fails at compilation phase only rather at runtime.
#   [4] unit testing becomes easy.

#   [disadvtg]
#   for so many dependencies, constructor dependency injection will become huge, 

#   [issue] common issue while dealing with dependency injection
#   [1] Circular dependency : app fails
#   [2] Unsatisfied dependency : app fails

#   [circular dependency] []
#   [soln] 
#   [1] remove common part to a new class
#   [2] using @Lazy on @Autowired (be it field/setter/constructor injection): Spring will create proxy bean 
#   instead of creating bean instance immediately during app start.
#   [3] using @PostConstruct() : other dependent class is resolved its dependency using its setter method in 1st 
#   class @PostConstruct() method.

#   [unsatisfied dependency] [] : app fails
#   [soln] use @Primary, @Qualifier to resolve ambiguity
#   [@Primary] gives 1st priority in pool of identical beans
#   [@Qualifier] give name of bean which is to be used. qualifier is used to get and set bean with names
#   




